Review descriptions that only mention buckets in AWS integration (#4857)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/wodle-s3.rst

interval
^^^^^^^^

> Time the module will wait for before being executed again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of time the module will wait for before attempting to run again.
```

Author: Added in [6416049](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/4857/commits/64160492ee3a5db0885a2287616659738859d5aa)
